	 
There are a few competitors that solve similar problems as Fanlic. Most of the competition are forum or blogs such as reddit.com, crunchyroll.com, myanimelist.com, and more. The largest competitor is Reddit, a news aggregation, content rating, and discussion website. It works by creating sub communities or “sub-reddits” where people with the same interests can post content. Similar to our product, there can be communities for specific fandoms where users can discuss anything relating to it. However, our product is different since it would focus more on the fan experience by providing better classifications/filtering for fans, customization for their profiles, and opportunities to interact with other fans (cosplay events etc.). 

Our competitors have flaws since creating the fandom experience is second to other services like streaming (crunchyroll.com), they focus on specific fandoms (reddit.com), or they focus on specific art forms/medium (myanimelist.com). Fanlinc creates a better community for fans where meaningful relationships and bonds are created, and passion can be grown. For example, take Brian from our user stories. He is a fan of many different things such as Dragon Ball Z, video games, and Game of Thrones. Brian might be a different “level” of fan and “type” of fan for each fandom he wants to participate in. Furthermore, he would probably want to alter his profile so he can choose to interact with different types of fans to avoid spoilers, get better insights from knowledgeable fans, or other reasons. It would be difficult for our competitors to focus on cases like Brian and focus on building relationships between users since they are focus around the content. Fanlic would focus more around the fans and would be closer to a social networking site for fans rather than a blog or forum like our competitors. 

