# Final Project Reflection
*For the process of building the application there were certain tools that we used and conventions we followed. The main tools we used were Jira, Github, Facbook Messenger, and Google Documents. We would use Jira to manage our tasks, Github for our code repository,  Messenger for communication/daily standups, and Google docs for sharing documents. Furthermore, we would aim to meet around once a week and conduct our reflections in person after demoing our product at the end of each sprint. We found this process to be highly effective because it kept us organized, enabled us to communicate well, and ensured we reflected on our product to keep up with deadlines. One minor fall back was caused by the inability for us to connect Jira with Github. It would have been better if it was possible so that we could manage our branches directly on Jira and with their corresponding tasks. We overcame this by having branch names that reflected the story/task and adding an identifier for the tasks (TEAM-##) in our commit messages. 

*Our group also followed a few conventions to guarantee that our code base was clean and in order. We followed Git-Flow principles from the first sprint which reduced merge conflicts between members and structured our repository. In addition, each of our pull requests would need two approvals from different members before they could be merged. This convention helped us reduce the occurence of bugs and added an extra line of discussion for members. Lastly, we also made sure that all our code had proper documentation and followed the same style guides (Google for Java, Airbnb for JS). One set back of our conventions we had in our first sprint was that people were left waiting for others to review their pull requests. We overcame this by holding daily standups and starting on our tasks early so we would have more time to review pull requests. 

*In terms of technologies, we used Java with the Spring framework as our back-end, Neo4j as a database, and React for our front-end application. We have been learning Spring and Neo4j through this course, so it made sense for us to continue using this for the group project. We really enjoyed the flexibility that Neo4j provided us, since we did not need to adhere to a rigid schema and were able to add nodes and relationships as needed. React was completely new to our group, so there was definitely a large learning curve there. We do feel that this learning was worth it, however, since we liked the logical component-based architecture of React and the robustness of the syntax it uses for templating, JSX. React is also quite in-demand in the industry now, so it will surely be advantageous to us from a career perspective, as well.
